What does that mean?
What do you mean?
What do you mean, don't you understand?
well known
Everyone knows that the sky has gone to the north to hunt
Why do you have your last name whatever he says?
Naturally, there is Lord Enchantress to testify
And those two bottles of wine can still be fake
It's you who said that your official family relies on the humble lord
Even the humble lord is in front of you
You don't even recognize it
Then I ask you
Did the wine stay?
What does that mean?
unverified
Who knows if it's true or false
Besides, he said that this wine is reserved for the subordinates of the Temple of Heaven to drink
Drink it or not, who can drink it?
Who can testify?
What do you mean?
Are you saying that Lord Enchantress is lying in public?
Why should he help Ye Feng tell lies?
Let him pretend to be Lord Qianshang
true or false
fake real real
well known
The adults in the sky are superb
It's just a game of elimination and storage
He arranged for several doubles in the country
What's wrong with a friend of a townhouse?
Besides, it can change the stability of doing business in the building
Even if I knew about it
I can't expose it in public either
It broke the arrangement of the Lord in Heaven.
You mean one side is a substitute for the sky
So the wine was given to Lord Qian
He's just a stand-in
Not eligible for
He made an excuse to take it away
Ouch ok
So many of us
I was almost deceived by him
Good lady
I'm afraid it's not appropriate to rely on your side of the story
Do you have any evidence that he is a double?
I am the proof
What do you mean?
I might as well tell you
Who is Qian Shao?
I know best
Because I am his woman